"You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life." ~ Winston Churchill
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." ~ Bill Cosby
"When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it." ~ Henry Ford
"You are remembered for the rules you break." ~ Douglas MacArthur
"I'm a kind person, I'm kind to everyone, but if you are unkind to me, then kindness is not what you'll remember me for" ~ Al Capone
"It is not the critic who counts...The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena." ~ Theodore Roosevelt
"Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal." ~ Albert Camus
"I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion.'" ~ Muhammad Ali
"I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed." ~ Michael Jordan
"If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all." ~ Joey Adams
"I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying." ~ Michael Jordan
"You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." ~ Maya Angelou
"A man who views the world the same at fifty as he did at twenty has wasted thirty years of his life." ~ Muhammad Ali
"The higher your energy level, the more efficient your body. The more efficient your body, the better you feel and the more you will use your talent to produce outstanding results." ~ Tony Robbins
"What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog." ~ Dwight D. Eisenhower
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." ~ Mark Twain
"Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves." ~ Carl Jung
"I love those who yearn for the impossible." ~ Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"No one is dumb who is curious. The people who don't ask questions remain clueless throughout their lives." ~ Neil deGrasse Tyson
"Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!" ~ Audrey Hepburn
"Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude." ~ Thomas Jefferson
"No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn't trying." ~ Tony Robbins
"You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
"If you fall behind, run faster. Never give up, never surrender, and rise up against the odds." ~ Jesse Jackson
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." ~ Jim Rohn
"Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
"It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action." ~ Honore de Balzac
"Excellence is never an accident. It is always the result of high intention, sincere effort, and intelligent execution; it represents the wise choice of many alternatives - choice, not chance, determines your destiny." ~ Aristotle
"Being wrong is acceptable, but staying wrong is totally unacceptable." ~ Jack D. Schwager
"If I have the belief that I can do it, I shall surely acquire the capacity to do it even if I may not have it at the beginning." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." ~ Og Mandino
"If you can't fly then run, if you can't run then walk, if you can't walk then crawl, but whatever you do you have to keep moving forward." ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Work joyfully and peacefully, knowing that right thoughts and right efforts inevitably bring about right results." ~ James Allen
"No matter what happens, or how bad it seems today, life does go on, and it will be better tomorrow." ~ Maya Angelou
"Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do." ~ John Wooden
"Far too many people are looking for the right person, instead of trying to be the right person." ~ Gloria Steinem
"Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
"It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives. It's what we do consistently." ~ Tony Robbins
"The beautiful thing about setbacks is they introduce us to our strengths." ~ Robin Sharma
"If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place." ~ Nora Roberts
"You never know how strong you are, until being strong is your only choice." ~ Bob Marley
"Be a voice not an echo." ~ Albert Einstein
"You were born to win, but to be a winner, you must plan to win, prepare to win, and expect to win." ~ Zig Ziglar
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts." ~ Marcus Aurelius
"If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost." ~ Zig Ziglar
"We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough." ~ Helen Keller
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." ~ Confucius
"Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them." ~ Ann Landers
"Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great." ~ Mark Twain
"Watch your thoughts, they become words.  Watch your words, they become actions.  Watch your actions, they become habit." ~ Laozi
"Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable." ~ Denis Waitley
"It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret." ~ Jackie Joyner-Kersee
"Small daily improvements over time lead to stunning results." ~ Robin Sharma
"Keep your thoughts positive because your thoughts become your words. Keep your words positive because your words become your behavior. Keep your behavior positive because your behavior becomes your habits. Keep your habits positive because your habits become your values. Keep your values positive because your values become your destiny." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
"Healing may not be so much about getting better, as about letting go of everything that isn’t you - all of the expectations, all of the beliefs - and becoming who you are." ~ Rachel Naomi Remen
"Don't let others define you. Don't let the past confine you. Take charge of your life with confidence and determination and there are no limits on what you can do or be." ~ Michael Josephson
"Too often we underestimate the power of a touch, a smile, a kind word, a listening ear, an honest compliment, or the smallest act of caring, all of which have the potential to turn a life around." ~ Leo Buscaglia
"Put all excuses aside and remember this: YOU are capable." ~ Zig Ziglar
"Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm." ~ Winston Churchill
"Let us not be content to wait and see what will happen, but give us the determination to make the right things happen." ~ Horace Mann
"Life begins at the end of your comfort zone." ~ Neale Donald Walsch
"The man on top of the mountain didn't fall there." ~ Vince Lombardi
"When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us." ~ Alexander Graham Bell
"You will never 'find' time for anything. If you want time, you must make it." ~ Charles Buxton
"Ability may get you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there." ~ Stevie Wonder
"F-E-A-R has two meanings: 'Forget Everything And Run' or 'Face Everything And Rise.' The choice is yours." ~ Zig Ziglar
"What we do in life ripples in eternity." ~ Marcus Aurelius