"Give me an Army of West Point graduates and I'll win a battle... Give me a handful of Texas Aggies and I'll win a war." ~ George S. Patton
"If everyone is thinking alike, then somebody isn't thinking." ~ George S. Patton
"The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his." ~ George S. Patton
"A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week." ~ George S. Patton
"It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived." ~ George S. Patton
"Fear kills more people than death." ~ George S. Patton
"Do not try to make circumstances fit your plans. Make plans that fit the circumstances." ~ George S. Patton
"Urge all of your men to pray, not alone in church, but everywhere. Pray when driving. Pray when fighting. Pray alone. Pray with others. Pray by night and pray by day. Pray for the cessation of immoderate rains, for good weather for Battle.Pray for the defeat of our wicked enemy whose banner is injustice and whose good is oppression. Pray for victory. Pray for our Army, and Pray for Peace. We must march together, all out for God." ~ George S. Patton
"May God have mercy for my enemies because I won't." ~ George S. Patton
"The highest obligation and privilege of citizenship is bearing arms." ~ George S. Patton
"Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity." ~ George S. Patton
"I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom." ~ George S. Patton
"Better to fight for something than live for nothing." ~ George S. Patton
"When I want my men to remember something important, to really make it stick, I give it to them double dirty. It may not sound nice to some bunch of little old ladies at an afternoon tea party, but it helps my soldiers to remember. You can't run an army without profanity; and it has to be eloquent profanity. An army without profanity couldn't fight its way out of a piss-soaked paper bag. As for the types of comments I make, sometimes I just, By God, get carried away with my own eloquence." ~ George S. Patton
"Achievers are resolute in their goals and driven by determination. Discouragement is temporary, obstacles are overcome, and doubt is defeated, yielding to personal victory. You need to overcome the tug of people against you as you reach for high goals. Accept the challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory." ~ George S. Patton
"Wars are not won by fighting battles; wars are won by choosing battles" ~ George S. Patton
"A civil servant is sometimes like a broken cannon - it won't work and you can't fire it." ~ George S. Patton
"When there is fear of failure, there will be failure." ~ George S. Patton
"Courage is fear holding on a minute longer." ~ George S. Patton
"Now if you are going to win any battle you have to do one thing. You have to make the mind run the body. Never let the body tell the mind what to do. The body will always give up. It is always tired morning, noon, and night. But the body is never tired if the mind is not tired. When you were younger the mind could make you dance all night, and the body was never tired... You've always got to make the mind take over and keep going." ~ George S. Patton
"Lead me, follow me, or get out of my way." ~ George S. Patton
"There is a great deal of talk about loyalty from the bottom to the top. Loyalty from the top down is even more necessary and much less prevalent. One of the most frequently noted characteristics of great men who have remained great is loyalty to their subordinates." ~ George S. Patton
"Make the mind run the body. Never let the body tell the mind what to do. The body will always give up." ~ George S. Patton